Add README title/description and cleanup whitespace (#38)
aws/aws-sam-cli-pipeline-init-templates: README.md

# AWS SAM CLI Pipeline Init Templates

> This repository containers the pipeline init templates used in the AWS SAM CLI for `sam pipeline` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the pipeline init templates used in the AWS SAM CLI for `sam pipeline` commands.
```
